this is bear son it was the home of your
grandparents and their grandparents
before then but out there beyond the age
of the water-wise the home of the
Dragons and I believe this your destiny
to one day find this hidden world
you do know my leg isn't a chew toy
don't you is this what you want yeah go
get
how am I supposed to get down hey buddy
wait up he's not the only one
[Music]
another Night Fury weeks it's more like
a right Night Fury yeah yours is better
probably there is an armada with enough
cages for all of our dragon vein
this is a new kind of enemy we need to
find the hidden world I won't destroy
everything you are
you're nothing without your dragon
if primo succeeds there won't be any
dragons left and it's up to us to put an
end to it
so what are you gonna do about it suit
up game we have one shot
you brought a baby to a battle I
couldn't find a sitter
I hid it in morals and really does
success that's the key
you're right but inside
well what kunis not a word
[Music]